/* COMEÃ‡ANDO COM pw='ac' */

   char 0 took the most time: 0.7780s
   char S took the most time: 5.6797s
   char o took the most time: 1.0515s
   char i took the most time: 1.0893s
   char V took the most time: 1.3077s
   char k took the most time: 1.0627s
   char Y took the most time: 5.6040s
   char V took the most time: 0.8141s
   char V took the most time: 0.8866s
   char V took the most time: 1.0278s
   char V took the most time: 1.2434s
   char b took the most time: 1.0820s
   char Q took the most time: 1.2954s
   char s took the most time: 1.0831s
   char h took the most time: 1.0726s
   char V took the most time: 0.8059s
   char N took the most time: 0.7973s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'V': 6
'0': 1
'N': 1
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: V
   password so far : acV
   char M took the most time: 1.4493s
   char e took the most time: 1.6406s
   char N took the most time: 1.4475s
   char e took the most time: 1.6243s
   char e took the most time: 1.4331s
   char D took the most time: 5.8403s
   char e took the most time: 1.3789s
   char R took the most time: 1.2882s
   char e took the most time: 1.4542s
   char h took the most time: 1.3293s
   char e took the most time: 1.6824s
   char e took the most time: 1.3471s
   char J took the most time: 1.3229s
   char e took the most time: 1.3108s
   char z took the most time: 1.3137s
   char U took the most time: 1.3309s
   char a took the most time: 1.3790s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'e': 8
'D': 1
'J': 1
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: e
   password so far : acVe
   char O took the most time: 6.0479s
   char d took the most time: 6.1984s
   char K took the most time: 1.7372s
   char c took the most time: 1.7107s
   char f took the most time: 1.6829s
   char V took the most time: 1.6059s
   char P took the most time: 1.6831s
   char q took the most time: 6.3078s
   char f took the most time: 1.6436s
   char 6 took the most time: 1.6353s
   char A took the most time: 1.7030s
   char d took the most time: 1.7052s
   char B took the most time: 1.6883s
   char 0 took the most time: 2.2533s
   char f took the most time: 1.6379s
   char l took the most time: 2.4751s
   char f took the most time: 1.7722s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'f': 4
'd': 2
'0': 1
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: f
   password so far : acVef
   char F took the most time: 1.9246s
   char v took the most time: 1.9762s
   char m took the most time: 2.0295s
   char I took the most time: 1.9142s
   char J took the most time: 1.8497s
   char O took the most time: 1.8742s
   char y took the most time: 2.0133s
   char C took the most time: 1.9906s
   char C took the most time: 1.5945s
   char G took the most time: 1.6338s
   char 0 took the most time: 2.0937s
   char s took the most time: 1.9063s
   char v took the most time: 1.7860s
   char b took the most time: 1.5528s
   char 2 took the most time: 2.0282s
   char k took the most time: 2.0175s
   char b took the most time: 2.0334s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'C': 2
'b': 2
'v': 2
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: C
   password so far : acVefC
   char X took the most time: 2.0229s
   char n took the most time: 2.0080s
   char v took the most time: 2.1514s
   char b took the most time: 2.0246s
   char Q took the most time: 2.1240s
   char 2 took the most time: 2.2224s
   char o took the most time: 2.0484s
   char n took the most time: 2.0657s
   char A took the most time: 2.0101s
   char i took the most time: 1.9544s
   char k took the most time: 1.9994s
   char h took the most time: 1.9322s
   char 2 took the most time: 2.1065s
   char b took the most time: 2.0803s
   char 7 took the most time: 1.9445s
   char h took the most time: 2.0451s
   char k took the most time: 2.0038s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'2': 2
'b': 2
'h': 2
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: 2
   password so far : acVefC2
   char m took the most time: 2.3345s
   char x took the most time: 2.0220s
   char o took the most time: 2.0444s
   char a took the most time: 2.1112s
   char o took the most time: 2.2316s
   char Z took the most time: 1.9162s
   char w took the most time: 2.3728s
   char U took the most time: 6.2739s
   char L took the most time: 1.5646s
   char 4 took the most time: 1.5223s
   char 7 took the most time: 1.5593s
   char a took the most time: 1.6023s
   char Y took the most time: 1.5016s
   char w took the most time: 1.5613s
   char b took the most time: 1.5203s
   char 8 took the most time: 1.4560s
   char i took the most time: 1.5206s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'a': 2
'o': 2
'w': 2
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: a
   password so far : acVefC2a
   char A took the most time: 1.5145s
   char t took the most time: 2.4036s
   char 9 took the most time: 1.5538s
   char 6 took the most time: 1.5789s
   char B took the most time: 1.6021s
   char e took the most time: 1.5582s
   char 2 took the most time: 1.6645s
   char Q took the most time: 1.6526s
   char s took the most time: 1.5903s
   char 0 took the most time: 1.6062s
   char s took the most time: 1.4819s
   char g took the most time: 1.4677s
   char m took the most time: 1.5264s
   char Q took the most time: 1.6595s
   char R took the most time: 2.0014s
   char Q took the most time: 1.5549s
   char 0 took the most time: 1.9090s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'Q': 3
'0': 2
's': 2
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: Q
   password so far : acVefC2aQ
   char P took the most time: 1.5573s
   char X took the most time: 1.5064s
   char e took the most time: 2.1925s
   char j took the most time: 2.1529s
   char 7 took the most time: 2.0447s
   char 9 took the most time: 2.2641s
   char q took the most time: 2.1859s
   char U took the most time: 1.8735s
   char r took the most time: 2.0058s
   char c took the most time: 1.9614s
   char s took the most time: 1.9739s
   char W took the most time: 1.8874s
   char t took the most time: 1.9445s
   char M took the most time: 1.9610s
   char z took the most time: 1.9547s
   char 4 took the most time: 2.1312s
   char Y took the most time: 2.0207s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'4': 1
'7': 1
'9': 1
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: 4
   password so far : acVefC2aQ4
   char n took the most time: 1.9254s
   char K took the most time: 2.0834s
   char u took the most time: 1.9633s
   char Q took the most time: 1.9064s
   char l took the most time: 2.0138s
   char f took the most time: 2.0055s
   char Y took the most time: 1.9503s
   char L took the most time: 1.9229s
   char 5 took the most time: 2.0477s
   char w took the most time: 1.9324s
   char 4 took the most time: 2.0018s
   char f took the most time: 2.1004s
   char I took the most time: 1.9822s
   char R took the most time: 2.0012s
   char l took the most time: 2.0352s
   char w took the most time: 1.9764s
   char H took the most time: 1.9976s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'f': 2
'l': 2
'w': 2
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: f
   password so far : acVefC2aQ4f
   char I took the most time: 2.0832s
   char r took the most time: 1.9350s
   char 2 took the most time: 2.0412s
   char K took the most time: 1.9415s
   char 5 took the most time: 1.9298s
   char l took the most time: 1.9506s
   char p took the most time: 2.0283s
   char H took the most time: 1.8616s
   char h took the most time: 1.9880s
   char F took the most time: 1.9842s
   char L took the most time: 1.8811s
   char m took the most time: 1.9862s
   char b took the most time: 1.8812s
   char E took the most time: 1.9559s
   char T took the most time: 1.9219s
   char u took the most time: 1.9732s
   char 3 took the most time: 1.8593s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'3': 1
'2': 1
'5': 1
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: 3
   password so far : acVefC2aQ4f3
   char I took the most time: 1.9692s
   char V took the most time: 1.9689s
   char i took the most time: 1.8862s
   char 4 took the most time: 2.2334s
   char J took the most time: 1.8461s
   char X took the most time: 1.7517s
   char r took the most time: 2.0195s
   char m took the most time: 2.0416s
   char z took the most time: 2.0760s
   char d took the most time: 1.9803s
   char L took the most time: 6.1295s
   char A took the most time: 1.5943s
   char 3 took the most time: 1.5569s
   char j took the most time: 2.1988s
   char S took the most time: 1.5095s
   char O took the most time: 1.5596s
   char S took the most time: 1.5728s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'S': 2
'3': 1
'4': 1
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: S
   password so far : acVefC2aQ4f3S
   char B took the most time: 1.5783s
   char W took the most time: 1.5545s
   char U took the most time: 1.8705s
   char K took the most time: 1.8488s
   char M took the most time: 1.4955s
   char i took the most time: 1.8473s
   char d took the most time: 1.9660s
   char k took the most time: 1.8267s
   char R took the most time: 2.0374s
   char I took the most time: 1.8805s
   char c took the most time: 1.8815s
   char 9 took the most time: 1.9230s
   char V took the most time: 1.8116s
   char b took the most time: 1.8978s
   char F took the most time: 1.6004s
   char c took the most time: 1.7462s
   char W took the most time: 1.5596s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'W': 2
'c': 2
'9': 1
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: W
   password so far : acVefC2aQ4f3SW
   char 1 took the most time: 1.5077s
   char J took the most time: 1.5394s
   char z took the most time: 1.5293s
   char Z took the most time: 6.2688s
   char 0 took the most time: 2.4109s
   char t took the most time: 1.9345s
   char 3 took the most time: 1.7018s
   char u took the most time: 1.8795s
   char c took the most time: 1.5207s
   char p took the most time: 1.4809s
   char X took the most time: 1.6297s
   char s took the most time: 1.6686s
   char 8 took the most time: 1.5137s
   char g took the most time: 1.6391s
   char h took the most time: 1.4066s
   char t took the most time: 1.5594s
   char 0 took the most time: 6.1421s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'0': 2
't': 2
'1': 1
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: 0
   password so far : acVefC2aQ4f3SW0
   char 6 took the most time: 1.5207s
   char p took the most time: 1.4932s
   char w took the most time: 1.4604s
   char 5 took the most time: 1.5442s
   char F took the most time: 2.1566s
   char l took the most time: 2.0375s
   char N took the most time: 3.0697s
   char e took the most time: 2.0403s
   char 8 took the most time: 2.1869s
   char T took the most time: 2.1503s
   char f took the most time: 1.8904s
   char k took the most time: 1.4260s
   char K took the most time: 1.4817s
   char Q took the most time: 2.0761s
   char n took the most time: 2.0552s
   char 2 took the most time: 2.2338s
   char f took the most time: 2.0574s
top 3 characters (times won iteration)
'f': 2
'2': 1
'5': 1
----- || Finished iteration to find char || -----
   char that took longer to find: f
   password so far : acVefC2aQ4f3SW0f
password found: acVefC2aQ4f3SW0f